NRMC-1271: Update for Meta Avatars 2.0 (#34)
NormalVR/Normcore-Documentation: docs/guides/meta/meta-avatars-customization.md

That's it! You now have a Meta Avatar player prefab that works with Normcore.

## Integrating player locomotion with leg animation
The default `NormalMetaLocalAvatar` prefab includes a `LocomotionLegAnimationDriver` component.

> This component is responsible for mirroring rotation and position changes from the avatar's transform (driven by ex a player locomotion system) onto the leg animation. This makes the character turn or walk in response to player movement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component is responsible for mirroring position and rotation changes from the avatar's transform (driven by a player controller for example) onto the leg animations. This makes the character turn or walk in response to player movement.
```

Out of the box this component integrates smooth turn and walk locomotion with the leg animation system.

> For snap turn or teleport locomotion though you might want to disable the component entirely or partially. You can choose to disable only rotation or only position tracking using the `Track Rotation` and `Track Position` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For snap turn or teleport locomotion though you will want to disable the component entirely or partially. You can choose to disable only position or only rotation tracking using the `Track Position` and  `Track Rotation` properties respectively.
```

> Finally, you can use the component's `SnapRotation` or `SnapPosition` functions to closely match your locomotion scheme.

Reviewer: I don't fully understand this piece. What do you mean here? How do I use these components to match my locomotion scheme?

Author: I suppose it's pretty niche, but if you have a portal in your game you'll want to call both functions after teleporting the player.

If you have snap turn enabled you can either disable `Track Rotation` entirely or call `SnapRotation` after the snap turn, whichever is easier for the codebase. Most common situation I imagine is if the locomotion scheme is a mix of snap/teleport and smooth depending on certain context. Hard to explain the use case but def useful as scripted moments as opposed to toggles.
